# A Short Introduce of my portfolio for Apple Academy.
### Wecome to my GitHub! 
### I know you do not have a much time so I will be quick. 
### If you do not have a enough time, at least please look the Udemy iOS, Note-Taking, Personal Projects folder. They are what I have studied about iOS and Swift so far from November 2021 with still studying for college. I am not an expert of programming and just get started iOS programming. But through my Notes, Project that I have done since this November.</br> I want you to see my potential and passion. 


# If you have more time to read this..

### About Past Experience, to be honest, I have had a hard time with programming. Back then When I was in military, I started to study gaming programming at SBS Game Acadeymy and all I did there was just re-typed what teacher typed. Not from the first time of course but since I have lost my interests but do not have other things to do. <br/>And I thought It needed to be changed. I could just give up but I do not want to stop programming because I knew I feel something different with other studies I have ever done in my life.   <br/>So me and my friend made a study group called "Petty Valley" and we studied python and jsp. Things got better as more as I was getting active and lead the study. <br/>After my friend quit to get a job, I needed to decide what will I going to do.  Judging by the programming studies I have ever done, I knew what I want to do and not. <br/>And it gave me an idea that I wanna try making an app. Since I still have time to graduate my college, I wanted to try iOS programming with swift since I already have a few apple devices include Macbook. <br/>I was afraid to upload my Past Experience because it could shows me as a person who quit often. But actually I am not. <br/>I rather a person who not quit well. Even I have had a hard time with programming but still doing it. I really can say through those programming experiences, I finally found a thing what I want to program or make, and I am studying it with a huge passion that I have never met. <br/>Thank you for read it and hope you to see my fire in side of my heart.
